Welcome to the interview program of the Secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
would like to first invite you to introduce in what
in what capacity you are participating in COP28 this time?
Thank you.
This time, I represented the platform of University Alliance for Climate Change,
and led 30 students from all over the world,
and, in my capacity as the head of the delegation, brought everyone to the 28th Conference of the Parties.
We are also extremely honored to participate in various side events and have appointments.
I'm going to lead these students and provide them with more opportunities to showcase their learning and achievements on the international stage,
so that their accomplishments can be exposed to more people.
Meanwhile,
it's fortunate for them to attend different Conference of the Parties to gain an insight into the negotiation scene,
understand how people communicate on the international stage,
how to expand the climate change issue,
share and learn from other people's achievements.
Very good.
It's a very important role.
Since we all know that you are the Chief Youth Officer of the University Alliance for Climate Change,
could you please provide more details about this alliance,
such as its history,
as well as its positioning and role?
Yes,
our alliance was established four years ago at a meeting on the World Economic Forum
by the presidents of about eight universities for the first time.
Our original aspiration was that
the issue of climate change is actually very extensive
and requires multi-party collaboration
and the joint efforts of people from different universities and regions around the world.
So,
at this meeting four years ago,
the participants drafted to establish the alliance's original aspiration.
Later,
in the past two or three years,
we have expanded the alliance. Now there are 15 member universities
from nine countries on six continents,
including China which is also the co-chair, Tsinghua University
and the co-chair in the UK is the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
The alliance is also supported by universities such as Columbia University, Yale University in the United States,
and universities from South America, Africa, Australia and even Tokyo and other countries.
In this alliance all these universities will work together to conduct joint research,
public popularization and promotion of youth actions, etc.,
so that we can become more united
and have more exchanges across elements, borders, disciplines, and cultures, and ensure that they are conducted smoothly.
OK.
This year marks the fifth year of the establishment of this alliance.
It has also been engaged in previous COPs before.
This year,
how many young people are there in the alliance participating in COP28?
What are the activities held at this conference?
This is the third time for our alliance to bring the youth delegation to participate in COP.
Actually before,
I was also the head of the delegation of the COP27 last year.
But at that time, the atmosphere of the COP didn't rebound yet.
In fact, this year is very different.
This year,
it's our honor to be invited by the UN
and we also have our own small corner
which is called the GAUC. The corner of our alliance.
We are also very honored to have our students showcase themselves at this corner.
They can also take this opportunity to discuss on the spot with other young friends from various countries and industries,
or with other leaders and experts from the business sector or NGOs.
