Hello, everyone, welcome to our program.
Today's topic is: In a film production process, is director the most important person?
Many people are curious about this question.
So in a film production process, who is the primary responsible person,
or who exactly has the final say?
Is the director the most important person?
The answer is: not necessarily.
Why?
To answer this question, we need to have an overview of the framwork of the entire film industry.
A simple analogy may help us
grasp the underlying logic of a film crew or a film iteself.
At first, the film investor
- note that there can be more than one investor
- pays a sum of money to the film production company for the film production project.
There is a film producer in the production company,
who takes charge of overseeing the production of the film.
Actually, the film producer is the primary person-in-charge of the film.
We can make a comparison between the staffing of an Internet company and that of a film production team
to illustrate the different roles in a film.
As we all know, for an Internet product, the first person-in-charge is the product manager (PM),
who has several different subordinates under them for support.
First is chief technology officier (CTO) or technical chief.
Second is the chief operating officer (COO).
Third is the chief marketing officer (CMO).
Coincidentally, there are three corresponding roles in film production.
Firstly, the PM is like the film producer,
who is responsible for the overall development of the project.
And the director is like the CTO,
who takes the lead in overseeing the tehnical and concent aspects of the film.
Secondly, there's the production manager,
who will coordinate various esources in the film production process, including the allocation and use of money.
These are all handled by the production department.
Thirdly, there is the distribution and promotion department,
which is kind of similar to the marketing department of an Internet company.
Of course, the distribution and marketing can be handed over to another company.
This is also possible.
Overall, there are three parts in a film production process.
The creative department, run by the director, covers project management, marketing and distribution,
like the technical, operation and marketing departments in an Internet company.
The phylosophy is basically the same.
In this way,
you'll find that the director is actually not the first person-in-charge of the film production project,
but spearheads the artistic creation and technical production instead.
And there is the production department there for his assitance,
like how to spend the money.
Occasionaly, you may see the two departments at odds with each other, right?
One may contend that the budget is too high,
but the director, to defend his artistic creation,
would claim that the props must be perfect,
so are the settings.
But the producer would say,
"Well, we don't have that much money.
It's all we've got.
Just get it done."
Various problems may occur in the process,
as they are in charge of different aspects.
So who will take the lead on all of it?
It's the film producer.
There is an Academy Award for Best Picture.
Who will be the recipient?
It's not the director,
but the producer.
The producer claims the Best Picture because they are the first person-in-charge of the film.
But you probably have noticed that there is another award, an award dedicated to the director
- the Oscar for Best Director.
The framework is more or less different from what you have thought about.
Why do everyone deem the director the most important person?
I think it lies in the inertia of the non-industrial age,
during which the director had to do everything all alone,
including finding actors,
setting up scenes
acquiring technology expertise
and raising money.
Since the money is raised by the director,
they certainly have the final say on how to use it.
This mode is often adopted in the production of independent films,
or low-budge and non-industrial films.
In student assignments, this mode will usually be applied.
But in the real film industry,
especially as the Chinese film industry grows progressively sophisticated nowadays,
increasingly more film projects are operated in a standard industrial process.
That is to say, the producer takes charge of market insights,
for they know the market best.
They determine the direction
and decide on the project.
He or she finds a screenwriter to get the script done,
then finds a director to visualize the script through technology.
After that, they find a production manager to operate the film,
and get some marketing and distribution personnel to sell it at a good price, that is, the box office.
This is the framework of commonly adopted in the industrialized production of a film.
Well then, what advantages does this mode actually have over the traditional mode?
Firstly, it is highly conducive to industrialization of the film sector.
In the production of an independent film or a personal work,
the director needs to take charge in everything
but it's unlikely that the director can do well evrything including arts, lighting, cast and script.
It's an unfeasible for the director
who relies more on themselves
than on a team.
An industrialized film, however, lays its core on teamwork.
The larger the crew and the scale is
and the better budget the crew has,
the greater significance each post holds.
In this case, the role of a director isn't that complex,
and their workload is not so heavy.
