Maguire’s move.
What a move has Maguire made!
He's literally stamping down.
It's a typical stamping move.
Thought he poked the ball in front of De Bruyne with his toes.
Yes. De Bruyne is attacking the ribs again.
He still wants to attack the ribs.
But Maguire blocked it.
Well, the advantage of having five defenders.
Now Cancelo made a missed pass,
trying to attack the space behind Wan-Bissaka.
Man United's counterattack.
Let's see if the they can pick up the speed.
It'll be tough.
They slow down right away.
Cancelo got past McTominay.
Gundogan's in the middle.
He was looking for Gundogan.
De Bruyne tried to play to Gundogan.
That position of Gundogan is a very good one.
He's got high standards and strict requirements,
regardless of the score.
Even his team is leading 2-0 at home,
Guardiola's still shouting at his players on the field.
Yeah.
The first corner kick of the first half was taken by the visiting Man City.
The left side of the front field, Foden will take it.
At the far post.
Competed for the first landing spot.
The ball is behind De Bruyne and he chooses to pass it directly back to the goalkeeper.
Look at Gundogan.
He made another off-the-ball run.
This game is Stones' second start in the Premier League this season.
In the last round, Laporte's performed like he was Maguire.
And he got a red card,
which just allowed Stones to return to the starting position.
Man United's still playing back to the left.
Ronaldo.
Wan-Bissaka on the right has come up.
He didn't pass.
On the left side of the wing is Luke Shaw.
Maguire has come up.
When playing with three central defenders,
the wing-backs on both sides can push up to the opponent's half, if they have more possession.
Fred.
Maguire's still on the left, advancing forward.
He passes it to Luke Shaw again.
The distance is a bit far,
so when holding the ball on the wing, he won't easily opt for a cross.
Bailly.
Wan-Bissaka.
Lift the ball. That's it.
Actually Man United now... Just now they have been trying to launch a counterattack,
but they can't,
so they play positional attacks.
Where to play the positional attack?
Seems like it should still be cross from the wing,
right?
If you want to break through the central defense of Man City, it won't be easy.
Rodri anchors the midfield from a defensive position, right?
And Ruben Dias has strong positioning awareness.
True. You can consider lifting the ball from both wings,
because Ronaldo's ability to compete for high balls is still quite strong.
You'd better make use of this.
Look what happens this time.
Ronaldo is in position again now!
Lift!
Bruno switches to the wing again.
He switches back.
It's not easy to break through the central defense from the front.
At this time, it should be passed to the wing.
He's waiting for Luke Shaw.
Yeah. Lift the ball now.
Shoot with the left foot!
Look, that's it!
That's it!
Ronaldo is in the middle,
so if you lift the ball from the wing, Ronaldo can launch a threatening attack.
Wow, it's actually not easy to shoot!
Indeed.
But Ronaldo made an incredible sweeping kick.
Note that Man City's defense
left Ronaldo unmarked. How?
It's just in front of the two full-backs
and behind the two defensive midfielders,
the central defenders.
No one can mark him.
That makes him threatening.
So if Man United wants to win,
just play on the wing, cross,
and pass to Ronaldo.
They still stand a chance if they play with resolution.
