So what's the value of a brand?
The value of a brand is
how much extra am I paying above the substitute,
and if I'm not paying extra,
you don't have a brand.
So when we think about what brands ought to do to move forward,
the most important thing is to not worry about your slogan, your spokesperson, the wrapping.
It's to worry about the substance,
work that matters for people who care,
find the people who care, the smallest viable group you can live with
and figure out how to give them work that matters.
So if we compare, if we stun the hotel thing,
there are hotels, these new chains of mini boutique hotels
that charge double.
What a high it might charge,
for less, but it's only less by the Hyatt measure.
It's way more by the measure of someone
who cares about what the people in the lobby look like;
who cares about how hip it feels to walk into the bar.
They're investing, not in
oh, you get a room with three power outlets.
They're investing in
throwing a party in a place where you also can sleep while you're on the road.
Those hotels have a brand,
and those hotels are some that some people pay extra for,
but almost no one in the scheme of things.
Yeah, can we talk a little bit about demographic versus psychographic?
Yeah, I love that.
Yeah. Okay. So there only used to be demographics.
The only thing a marketer could pay attention to is
what kind of car do you drive?
How old are you?
What's your income?
You could buy all those things from mailing this company.
But once the Internet showed up,
particularly Google,
but mostly Facebook,
we could say,
this is for people who like that;
this is for people who dream of that;
this is for people who believe this.
Those are psychographics.
It doesn't matter what your skin color is.
It doesn't matter what your income is.
It's what's your narrative inside.
So going forward,
the old-school marketer still talks about demographics.
They're wasting their time.
What we need to understand is
in every zip code,
there are people of almost every psychographic perception,
and what we have to do is brand marketers say,
it's for you
and it's not for you.
I didn't separate you because of who your parents were.
I separated you because of what you believe and what you dream of.
If you wanna switch what you dream and what you believe of,
it might be for you.
So like, I walk by the Supreme store,
I see these people are idiots.
Good.
Because it's not for me,
it's for them.
Perfect. I like that. I like that a lot.
Um, so you know,
search engines and social media websites are collecting data on us,
whether we know it or not,
whether we like it or not.
But if so, if I'm a marketer
and I've got and I'm trying to build a brand,
then how do I how do I find out who my audience is?
Because I think, sometimes, uh, we think it's one audience.
Exactly.
We might be completely missing the market.
Exactly.
Okay, so let's start with the the data collection thing.
Every time I go to Amazon,
they rearrange the whole store for me,
and every time I go to a regular bookstore,
I am frustrated
because they don't.
It bought, like, what is what are the cat books?
I don't like cats.
Every time you know I'm coming,
just take all the cat books out of the store.
They don't do that for me.
Amazon does.
So when this is done properly,
people are happy it's being done
because it's being done for them,
not to them.
When it's done improperly,
it's when you get a phone call from your credit card company
and they say, we noticed you've been going to a lot of singles bars and strip clubs.
Here's a coupon for free venereal disease testing.
You don't want that phone call
cause you didn't ask for that engagement with them, right?
So it's not about privacy,
it's about being surprised.
Okay, so now we go to serve some people.
I'll begin by saying
I don't think you have any business being a marketer unless you have empathy for the people you are seeking to serve.
So what do I mean by empathy?
I mean, you don't know what I know;
you don't want what I want;
you don't believe what I believe.
Here I made this.
It might be for you.
Now, the best way to begin as an amateur marketer is
to start with people who believe what you believe and want what you want.
Great.
Do you know who those people are?
Can you imagine them?
Start there.
You will find some people in that segment,
cause you made it for you, right?
So if you love to surf and to be on social media,
then invent in the Hero camera probably a good idea,
cause you know what it's like to be one of those people.
But Sony should have invented the Hero camera,
and they didn't.
Because there wasn't a professional market around the scene who said,
I don't surf,
I don't wanna be on social media,
but I could imagine what...
