Who's gonna come second to England?
That's the that's the real question here.
John, what do you think?
Yeah, I think there's a few different suggestions.
You can pick up teams that we haven't talked about,
most of them being big teams that maybe not being as good recently.
So you got Italy and Croatia.
I mean, Croatia always go deep in these tournaments
and they all seem to come in unfavored.
But they have just beaten Portugal,
who we've had as one of the favorites.
So, you know, you have to have them there and thereabouts.
Italy maybe lost the the the profile player that they've had in the past,
but they've got um Spalletti is the coach who's recently won Serie A with Napoli,
so a very good coach there as well.
Um, other teams I guess Netherlands are for me,
um, again a gr- great squad,
maybe let down by having Koeman as the manager
um and has been questions rise,
but that his management of previous tournaments...
But then for me, I think the one I would have is the the outsiders that could jump into that group is Belgium.
Um, I think Belgium are interesting
because we've just gone through, like, ten years of Belgium having a golden generation of players
and everyone was like, Belgium are gonna this is gonna be the tournament where they get really deep, maybe win.
Everyone was like that.
And they never they never did it.
Um, now they got rid of most of that group of golden generation,
but they got some of the key players in that,
so Lukaku still plays at front.
Kevin De Bruyne is still there in midfield,
Jan Vertonghen is still in defense,
believe it or not.
I'm not sure how much game time he'll get
or how old he even is.
Yeah, no, no, no.
It's not even on Wikipedia.
I don't think Wikipedia was made when he was, uh, was born,
yeah. That's actually true of a lot of players.
It's actually true.
It's not really that surprising but...
It's not.
But for me, Belgium, what's what's great about them is they brought in Domenico Tedesco,
who's a a a great coach, particularly o- out of possession,
I think. He'll give them a really good, uh, foundation to to work from, uh to build on and and get goals.
And then they got some really fun attacking players as well.
So Jérémy Doku, Johan Bakayoko,
um players, players like that coming through, Arthur Vermeeren,
the center midfielder who's at Atletico Madrid, he sort of had a bit of an under-the-radar move there he's only nineteen years old.
Um, they got some really fun players you can come through as well.
So I think what's gonna happen is people will think,
oh, this isn't the golden generation anymore;
this isn't a great team,
yeah, but actually the the coach will give them a bit more of a foundation to do well in international football.
They've still got some great players to be able to benefit from that
and people will be pleasantly surprised by them.
A golden generation he says of of Belgium, JJ,
uh uh uh who else who do you like?
I like the team that John has just said.
Yeah. As you saw from my graphic earlier,
Switzerland created an awful lot of xG.
They don't have the forwards to finish off the chances.
Sure. But strong midfield and Granit Xhaka, yeah, that can help you.
Uh Manuel Akanji who's done very well.
I also think um Ukraine will be better than, um,
I certainly thought before I started looking into research for this video.
Uh-huh. In that they have fast wingers.
Well it, well Mudryk is very fast.
And then Tsygankov, they say his name on the right is a good player for Girona.
They also had the league's top scorer up top,
uh, and they have sort of a half decent rest of the team,
so they can sit and be relatively, uh, controlled and pragmatic in games,
and then just utilize having those three players up tops, really useful.
And Zinchenko, of course.
Zinchenko, of course.
Well, and the things like outside of football will probably be relevant,
and bringing a team together
cause those players are not just representing their country for football.
They're basically ambassadors for everything they're doing
cause obviously there's a war.
So I think that you can't measure how much that difference will make,
whether it adds pressure to them
or whether it helps galvanize them and come together.
You might see that,
but just in football in terms
I think if all the teams of look through,
they're all right as you...
