Round-robin um um load balancing scheme,
so I'm not sure if that's getting it what you're asking?
Yeah, yeah, I think that answers my question.
Load balancing is not a one size fits all.
Mark mentioned looking at different metrics as a way to load balance across different servers,
which was a clever approach.
Mark was very open about the fact that load balancing isn't an area he's an expert on
and this is okay.
It's fine to be honest when you are asked about things that are at the limits of your knowledge.
Okay, cool. Um, yeah, all right,
are you are you are you done with your design,
um or is there anything else that you want to add?
Yeah, let me think about that and gimme gimme just a moment like I
I mean it again it you know I've way oversimplified this but um, um...
Ah! I guess, I think if I were to also think about this at a global scale.
I mean Spotify is a global app
and so, it's it's possible so uh replication,
I didn't really talk about replication other than to do the math
to say hey, maybe three, three x replication and replication right,
why do we do this?
Well we do do it to make sure that we have, uh, data available um, when there's an outage
so if, so you know if I if I were to you know,
I mean like, do this right to indicate three replicas but that's that's a little, naive,
um and the same thing for the metadata of course.
But, um, the, replicating the data is not just for availability and and downtime,
it's also, you would want to place those replicas, um, closer to where the users are
and so from a global perspective,
you might have music that is more local
like, um maybe European punk rock is,
you know, more, listened to more in Europe,
uh and maybe maybe BTS uh is,
you know because it's Korean pop is maybe it's more popular actually in Korea, um or in Asia,
and so you might want to have the replicas of those songs,
uh and and maybe even the metadata, be more locally, uh, represented more more locally
so that um, you can get to it faster,
you don't have to cross an ocean to get to the to the data,
um and uh, you know to reach it.
So kind of a geo-aware strategy of data placement and possibly replication strategy
that might be a, um, a refinement I think
that I would might make to this design to make it just a little bit more um, uh, performant effective uh etc etc.
So, yeah, does that does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, I think that thing is just interesting point to add.
It's a good idea to wrap up your answer by referring back to the requirements laid out at the beginning of the interview,
and confirming that your design meets them.
If you have time,
it's always nice to think big and take a quick look at the problem from a different dimension
that could make it more complex.
Mark did this with his geo-location idea.
He didn't go into detail,
but another interviewer might have explored this further
and it could have opened up a whole new aspect to the design.
Overall, an excellent answer from Mark.
Yeah, great job Mark,
um, I think that was a a really good approach.
