Uh Louis of Thirteenth of France uh here had to present an im- im- impressive gift to Cardinal Francesco Barberini.
It wasn't a painting by Rubens, uh, painting, painting by Rubens exists,
but it wasn't the painting
it was a seven, seven different, twenty-five foot wide tapestries
woven from Rubens'design with gold and silver thread,
which cost much much more than paintings of the same size.
The idea was magnificent,
not just of the story.
Some of that actually still that magnificent is still a preserved in the stair hall of the Philadelphia Museum
where you can see these tapestries now.
The great sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti used the term "historia" for the reliefs on the Baptistery doors o- of the Cathedral of Florence.
Uh I'm...afraid I'm gonna have very little say about sculpture,
including relief sculpture,
which is, after all, a pictorial art, uh,
and which was regarded as the least equal to painting,
uh and more challenging for the artist,
and like tapestry uh much more expensive.
To get back to painting,
um more than a century before Alberti defined, defined "historia"
and Masaccio re- realized his ideas,
a great masterpiece of monumental narrative painting had been made here in Padua
uh in the chapel built for Enrico Scrovegni,
uh a banker uh and money lender.
Uh here he is giving a chapel to the Virgin Mary.
And on the wall are life-sized frescos o- of episodes uh from the life of Christ.
And these are a tremendous leap for narrative painting.
Giotto showed how you could give a flat surface the illusion of space,
and paint humans who look like they have actual volume and weight,
and even suggest that they have living, breathing and vitality and individual personalities.
Look, for, for example, how Joseph and Mary uh hand over their...
Oops, come back, come back to me, back.
Um how uh how the the parents um hand over their baby uh to the high priest in the temple,
and the story is from the Gospel of Saint Luke.
Mary is doing her sacred duty under the Jewish law,
completing her ritual purification forty days after child's birth.
The old man Simeon, here shown as the high priest,
had been promised that he wouldn't die before seeing his Savior.
I hear he's just said his famous prayer,
"Now let thy servant depart in peace,
for mine eyes have seen thy salvation.
And he's telling Mary that a sword will pierce her soul.
The child looks at the hairy stranger just as any baby would and tries to get away.
He's reaching for his mother just as she she reaches impulsively for him.
We're not just seeing the emotional bond of babies and mothers.
We're just seeing the old law and the new.
Giotto is actually showing the terrible conflict that exists for this mother and child between human love and divine duty.
That fresco is twelve feet high.
Uh here's Giotto again,
um, the same subject
um on on the right, on a tiny panel um about the size of an iPad um concentrated um on Christ's attempt to escape,
um. This ti- this time, uh uh uh this time he gives Simeon the back of his hand um,
and, not incidentally, spreads his arms in a kind of ins- in- innocent spontaneous um reminder of the crucifixion in the future.
A lot of the expressive vocabulary that Giotto invents here for centu- and for centuries to come um i- is here already, in in in in in in Giotto in the fourteenth century.
There there are figures here of persuasive gravity, variety.
There's a tone of high seriousness.
There are le- legible poses and expressions,
and there's a high purpose to illustrate the crux of an important...
