Yeah. I think I think the only argument that I that that is kind of valid in this instance,
at least for me personally, is the comparison between Pokémon games, right?
Yeah, yeah.
In the sense that like, you know, as a Pokémon fan myself,
I think this game being so successful and it being compared to Pokémon,
I think it's a good wake up call for Nintendo.
That's what a lot of people are arguing.
Yeah. But a lot of people like, yeah you can, you can say that without arguing,
Dude, like. No, you can't,
because this is Nintendo we're talking about.
Would you would you say the, let's say, the feel and the, you know, feeling of plagiarism or like,
cause there's always a question.
Oh, yeah, yeah uncomfortable. Between plagiarism and inspiration.
Yeah, it's, I'm I'm, I'm playing it and it feels uncomfortably close.
Right, right. Like you even like, Breath of the Wild.
Right. But then again, it's the same question of...
Cause I I remember this.
Is it plagiarism or is it inspiration?
No. Cause I I remember this kind of discussion happening when Genshin first released.
If you, if you, it's, it's, if if you think that this is like plagiarizing,
for example, like Breath of the Wild,
then I guess you, it would have to be the same,
it's the same level as Genshin of like.
Right.
But then like open world games that you can explore.
That's not something you can plagiarize.
Right. Is it like a very similar style and approach to how Breath of the Wild did it?
Yes, I think so.
But the same way the Genshin is.
And again, I'm I'm not trying to defend this.
But there were open world games before Breath of the Wild.
Yeah, I don't know. I'm not trying to defend this game,
but, um, I like, I think cause it's the Pokémon club is way too close.
It's way, way, way, way too close.
Yeah, cause like, I'm looking just, like, at some of these pictures
and I'm looking at some of these monsters and I'm like, oh, that looks like that Pokémon,
that looks like that, looks like Lucario.
The fuck, there's the one that looks like Ralts up there.
There's just some things that they did that just baffles me why they did the exact...
That looks like Leafeon.
Do you do you know what this looks like?
Um, like, you know sometimes you'll browsing on YouTube or some fucking site you shouldn't be on.
Yeah. You see this ad of this weird mobile game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That gets advertised.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know, you know what I mean.
The one that looks like a Pokémon game, right?
No, no, it could be like any mobile, like any weird mobile game of,
it's like a fucking, maybe it's a League ripoff or maybe it's a Pokémon ripoff.
Yeah. Or some big ripoff,
and you're like, there is no way this game exists.
And then you look into it and it's just like, oh, this is just a fake build or whatever.
But it kind of feels like the creators just looked at all the games they like,
and just taken every single aspect from every game they like
and shoved it into one.
But also maybe kind of copy the style of all those things a little too much.
Like, like I was mentioning earlier,
there's some things they copy too much,
which I think were just completely unnecessary to copy.
Um, like when you when you catch a a a mon or pal or whatever you wanna call them.
A mon?
I I call them mons,
cause I refuse to call them pal.
It reminds me too much of Christian.
And I don't like calling them because I won't pals, um.
I mean, that's a you problem.
Yeah, it is actually me problem.
Like the ball, when you throw it,
it wiggles three times.
You could have just not done that,
like, why did you, it's like if you wanted to avoid the plagiarism accusations,
why would you make it so that so many little things?
Even just the fact you have to throw a ball-shaped thing in order to catch it as well, I think...
I mean, it's kind of, it's kind of hard, and I get that's kind of unavoidable,
but uh... At least change the shape, you know,
make it a cube or something.
And like, I don't think little things like that would been bad
if they hadn't had so many designs that are too closely inspired.
Sure.
But then a lot of people argued that the designs are inspired.
Pokémon designs inspired from Yokai,
or mythology and dragon.
Real animals. Or real animals, even.
Like, people arguing that the sheeps look too same to the Pokémon sheep,
people like, it's a fucking sheep dolls.
Yes, which I agree with.
Yeah. Um. And I think that I think you could have the same conversation of...
The sheeps don't aren't a fucking copy.
Yeah. But hey, that Lucario looks awfully a lot like the Lucario.
Well, I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm just looking at this, right?
To go to the top image.
Like that third one there.
That straight up looks like Leafeon.
Yeah, absolutely.
Like, it's not even...
Like I think, I think you can say that they copy, they're not copied, but...
Even the color palette is exactly the same as Leafeon.
Some of the things are, I, I think even if it there is no legal battle here right?
I think as a as a consumer,
you can be like, yeah, there's sure a little too close.
Yeah. But at the same time,
Pokémon fans are so starved for a good fucking game
that I think they are just rejoicing at the fact that they basically get the game they wanted.
No. I I agree, look as... Which is weird.
Yeah, I think as a Pokémon fan,
I think this game becoming successful is great for the Pokémon community
because it is putting pressure, I think, or like to hope,
it is putting pressure until Nintendo sues.
But I think it's putting pressure on Nintendo to be like,
hey, make a fucking good game.
But I don't think that that has to mean that the company success is,
uh, we should be super, uh, so tough.
Cause I think that statement can exist,
whilst also being like hey,
you guys took a little too much.
Right. I think, like, objectively, yeah, like what this proved, uh, you know, is, there is a huge gap in the market,
you know, there is, Yeah. I I don't think, I mean I mean, okay, people are getting mad because this game got popular. Of course, and.
Yeah.
I don't think there would be this entire discourse around it if this game wasn't breaking records left right and center...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
This, if this had fed into security,
no one would give a fuck.
Yeah, and I think the reason this is breaking that records left right and center is because there is a clear gap in the market
of what people want in their video games.
We just want, we just want a Pokémon game in Unreal Engine Five.
Yeah, that's what we've been longing for.
It was, it was like put together by a bunch of Jap...
