So basically the current health, uh, health care system is is is more of a medical system.
So most of the time
when we are talking about health care care system,
we are talking about improve, um, the um, efficiency,
the accessibility, um, of good doctors.
So what we are trying to do now is we are trying to digitize,
using a different type of uh devices
as well as say molecule molecular -cular profiles
uh to profile the the the so called health status of uh human
so that we can actually track um,
how, uh, people's, uh, how people's uh health status are changing over time,
um so that we can actually, um, pre- precaution on people about
whether you're going to have a uh the medical event.
So so the the the idea of, I think uh one, one of the direction for a future um health care system
is trying to preserve people in a status of being healthy
rather than, um, how we can deal with, um, the medical issues when people really get some uh severe symptom.
So let let me lemme put the COVID nineteen for example,
so now we we know that there are a lot of people are infected,
and they have um positive antibody tests,
um so that so that actually we can see that
COVID nineteen give um gave, gave us a very, very wide range of symptoms,
some are really lethal
and some are really like mild.
Um, so the the key, the key for the future um like a governance
is not about uh whether we should knock down
or whether we should just live as it is,
like a the the the population, uh, immunity.
Um, so so it's it's all about can we actual identify people, um, who are sus- susceptible to the COVID nineteen
when they get affected by SARS-CoV-two.
So so that's that's a real um scientific question and technologic question behind the scene.
Um and if we are not prepared for that,
um we can always what what we can do is there's there there's outbreak
and we are dealing with that.
It's not like we, it's not like we have uh the the daily tracking data for the whole um community.
And we we do see some, um, w- weird data from here and there,
and we just we just actively to, um to to get to get to get get to them.
So so I, so what we are trying to do,
we're we're collaborating with a lot of the community um um healthcare um center
is um we don't, we don't want to people to go for the clinics,
we want the clinics go for the people who need um clinics.
So so in in that way,
we are trying to improve the the the the efficiency of the of the real,
you know, the uh the intelligence of the of doctors,
and we next we just let the the digital um healthcare to do most of the things
based on based on the the uh what we call the multi-dimensional profile
that is not just about physics and those about chemistry,
um, um POCT type of things
as as well as all the other and genetics um they send out.
