Now, Daniel, we were just discussing that
you've had some really interesting criminal cases on the spectrum,
including some capital murder cases,
and I think our viewers would really love to hear a little bit about
what it's like being an attorney representing someone charged with capital murder.
How how did that case come up for you?
Well, I I I've had a quite a few capital murder cases,
whether it's at the trial court level
or I'm representing them through the initial prosecution following an indictment,
but I also have quite a few that are appeals
where it's after a person's been convicted.
But so the, so there's a different approach to that and there's a different way you develop those cases,
but um, I can tell you from the standpoint of doing a criminal case,
a a capital murder case is totally different from any other type of case
because of course the stakes could not be higher, Reggie.
Right. And. Right.
Essentially, you have to think even where a case is completely unwinnable in your mind,
you have to think of creating a record.
And this means that you have to file every motion under the sun,
you have to hire every expert witness under the sun,
you cannot leave any stones unturned
because again not only are the stakes so high
but one hundred percent of capital murder cases where a person is convicted end up in the appellate courts.
Right.
You know, you don't, you don't find very often that
someone will appeal a DUI or a misdemeanor case.
So having a spotless record is not as important.
Right, right.
Now, when you are, you know, taking a capital murder case,
are these ever assigned to people, reach out to you?
Uh, to represent them?
How does that usually work in your practice?
Well, there are some attorneys that are,
uh, there's obviously public defenders,
and where they and when there's a conflict, out of the public defender's office,
which for those people out there they may not know,
for example, uh as attorneys an- and you know this, Reggie,
if there's a conflict of interest,
I can't represent a defendant
where a witness in that case testifying against my defend, uh my clien-, my perspective client,
was one of my previous clients.
Right.
Because I I as an attorney
I'm, I'm armed with, perhaps secret information or damaging information,
if you will,
and I can use it against them
so you can never have a conflict of interest
for that reason they assign private attorneys such as myself,
um, some cases out of that normally would be public defender cases
if they are indigent.
Right.
I'm I'm not one of those attorneys.
I am a one hundred percent private attorney.
I I have my own firm,
and people would have to hire me.
Right.
And. The price wou- would depend on the circumstances, numerous circumstances, uh.
But so they would, they would call me,
they would hear about me.
I, I I get a lot of clients through word of mouth.
Uh-huh. I'd like to say,
and I'd like to believe that I zealously, zealously represent my clients
and I get the results
that has them reaching out to other people
and putting my name out there.
Absolutely
and, and you know, criminal law is so interesting.
I I told you before, you know, we began the interview.
I believe that criminal attorneys,
especially on the defense side
are protectors of the constitution.
And that is because, you know, you are really defending someone's, I mean, literal rights or freedom
and you know, their freedom is about to be taken away potentially, given the charges.
Um, but, you know, on the balance, on the flip side,
I know that some of these charges are, are egregious.
Probably some of the facts and evidence are also heinous.
Exactly.
How how, how do you handle that? I mean, personally and professionally.
That's a fair question.
And I, I too firmly believe that every person is entitled to a defense.
And the way that we have to compartmentalize this, in my opinion, is,
you can't think of it on a case-by-case basis.
Either we all have rights or not have rights.
Right.
So what I mean by that is,
this is that when I represent somebody who has egregious facts against them,
I think, well, this isn't just for this client.
This is, so that the next person who truly is innocent
has the liberties and has the, the the the the shield of the constitution,
if you will. And their rights being actively litigated.
It's not just theo-, in other words,
our laws are not just theoretical when I get involved,
it's practically applying them to a case.
Right.
And, like you said,
to protecting, you know, making sure evidence is in there
for viewers who may not know
if you don't bring something up a lot of times,
and you know, the lower uh portions of the court,
you know, you don't preserve those objections later
or preserve that evidence to be brought up later,
because appeals courts really look at the lower courts record
and so it is so interesting.
I mean, we there are so many even crime documentaries out there
that talk about how it's like,
well they didn't bring it up in the lower court,
so we can't hear it here.
Absolutely. What's your opinion of that when you see those kinds of cases?
