That when you look at the cells, look at their morphology, they are strongly similar to, um, the cells you find in sponges. So sponges also have these collar cells in the matrix, that they use to uh generate currents that flow through the tubules inside of the sponge. That that's basically all the sponges is a bunch of collar cells linked together by some other cells with a physically a glue underneath them, um became kind of efficient blob, for sucking in water and running it past lots and lots of flagellate so that you can extract all the nutrients from the water. So, that's what a sponge is. And sponges are animals. Uh, so the idea was they are that they're, that they're related somehow. The recent thing, though I shouldn't say recent anymore cause I'm old and everything I thought was new's now old. But, uh, relatively recent, is the discovery that, um, they have these interesting cooperative behaviors. So sometimes you go out looking for quantity of flagellates and you find they are not, all solitary cells, swirling about in the ocean or freshwater all over the place. Uh, what they sometimes do is they link up and they form groups. They can form a kind of raft of quite quite flagellates all linked together. And what they can do then is more efficiently filter bacteria out of the water. They can also move in water column. So one of the things they found is, sometimes what they'll do is they'll they'll separate. Uh, they'll do that feeding, sometimes they'll do cooperate, corporate feeding. And then they will clump together and orient themselves so they can move in the water column more efficiently. They have better locomotion when all flagellate are all aimed in the same direction and all going the same way. So, uh yeah question they get sticky. Yes, they get sticky. They adhere to one another and form the structure. Okay, so that's, that's cool right there. So it says, you got these organisms that look very grace for those you find in sponges, and then you find that they are not, they are not solitary in an obvious way. They can cooperate and form simple tissues that can do interesting things, like more efficient feeding or more efficient locomotion. Um, what's discovered in this research article is, uh, they found, uh. They went down to Curacao. Why can't I be working on research? That let's go down to the Caribbean, the tropical Caribbean and collect animals. That's, oh man. I missed an opportunity there in my career. Anyway. What they found is, uh, they they went around tide pools on this island and they found, were these really interesting coopertive flagellates that formed these cup shaped structures? So let me screen show this here. Yeah, there's a paper. Wish I could show you the movie. I'll figure that out eventually. Anyway, so what do you see here? Well, there's there's what you see in the in the microscope. There's a nice movie of these. And uh, what they do is they form these kinds of cup shaped structures where all the flagellate are pointed inwards. And that's a good feeding strategy. So they're much more efficient at filtering out food particles from the water in that configuration right there. But then what they can do is this. They can in- invert themselves. And all of the flagellate are pointing outwards. You see all these right there? And when they do that, they're better at swimming. But much less efficient at feeding. So here you got this animal that responds to its environment, and can be either in a feeding specialist mode or a locomotive specialist mode for getting away from things, for instance. That's pretty cool right there. But then they figured out what the trigger is. And it's light, they are light sensitive. So when you change the light level, they will respond that by changing, inverting, just switching into one of the other modes. So these these are, these are really simple cells. And here they've got a light immediate reflex, and they've got multiple modes of organization for multiple behaviors.
