Listen, uh elementary, uh high school, Pre-K, higher education, whatever you choose. Post-K, detention, uh lemme lemme ask you this, Secretary, we have desperately tried to fix an education system that basically was designed for literacy for the masses and has been incredibly successful uh on on that goal. Uh, but it seems as though it's a bit stagnant and and hasn't been able to be as agile as maybe uh society now would would need it to be. What would your diagnosis be for what you would change about it? Where do you where do you see it working and and where do you see it wanting? Sure, sure, you look, I'm happy to be here, love this topic right? Um, I I think in general, look, education has to evolve. Uh-huh. Or become irrelevant in in our country and we're not evolving at the pace that we need to evolve. Right. To compete internationally, to make sure that our students have access and opportunity, all students not just some. Um, so you know, it does work in in many in many ways I mean we have, uh, some of the best higher education institutions in the world. Um, the challenge is it's not really open and they're not pathways for all students. So what we need to do is make sure that we're providing better pathways. And I'm gonna expand that a little bit, not only higher education, exactly there's a mentality in this country of four-years or bust four-year colleges or bust. Uh-huh. There are so many opportunities now in our two-year schools, and even in our K-twelve system or Pre-K-twelve system, uh getting credentials or micro credentials and joining the workforce and high skill high paying jobs. So when I say we need to evolve, I think our Pre-K-twelve system needs to evolve, our higher education system needs to evolve, to be more connected to the opportunities that exist in this country and beyond uh for all of our students. I li- I like the idea of micro credentials. I I think I think I think mini credentials, micro credentials, whatever, whatever, tiny credentials you could have and you could even make tiny diplomas for everybody, you get some like little stamps. Yeah. That's the plan. Get a little small printers. That that that you put on. So let me tell you so, my my kids are, uh a senior in high school and a and a junior in high school, and and they're very fortunate to go to a a really nice school and a really nice place and all those different things. Uh, and my mother was a teacher for I think a hundred and eighty-six years. Uh, she taught uh and she reminds me of that, uh on almost every on a daily basis. What's interesting to me about education is the teachers, I think, feel disassociated from it in that they're, the ideas in that they're, the ideas they're teaching to kind of standardized testing that so much of of what they have to do is based on a testing regiment that's attempting to uh assess students on certain standardizations, but I think, as you know, that doesn't work for all students in all communities. What I've noticed about their enthusiasm for learning is the more relevant subjects have to the actual world that they live in, but it's a really difficult thing for teachers to pull that off. Because so much of their time has to be spent on boiling things down to this standardized box that everybody is placed in. You know, we've had a fascination. Uh-huh. In this country with standardized assessments, and unfortunately in many places we lost our way and we lost students in the process. We're overly enamored with uh misusing those data and labeling schools and putting scarlet letters on districts that are working twice as hard to meet the needs of students. John, when I was a school principal, I had this young girl from Dominican Republic coming to the school, right, uh, where I was serving. She was about nine years old. Uh, she was learning English, very little English. Uh-huh. Um, she had exceptionality, so she had an IEP, uh, and I understand your mother was a special education. She was a teacher. So you know, it might have been a student that your mom might have supported. Right. So the day of the assessment, I remember this young girl sobbing. I had to go visit her cause I was one of the few in the school that spoke Spanish. Uh-huh. She was sobbing in fear that this test in a foreign language has been put in front of her and those data were gonna be used to determine in many ways what she's capable of. We've done that too much in this country. And what the school is capable of I mean, probably the the funding of the school was reliant on this. I'll take this step further. Yep.
