Let let me just start by saying two things about that. I think the comment is spot on, um, the, you can talk about the stone house, but the stone house, I think, has been flooded twice, uh, in the last three years. And they've rebuilt twice or done substantial renovations twice, and it's going again, uh, and clearly that was paid for in part by some pretty, you know, substantial insurance returns, um. That being said, uh as of maybe a month or two ago, when I was in Milford for a similar event, there were still a thousand people who had not gotten back into their homes, because it's some level the new FEMA building standards has actually become a barrier to people getting back in their homes because the insurance proceeds don't meet the costs of actually rebuilding a home up to the current standards. And so to some extent, if we're smart about new building standards, though, with there will be some, uh, level of building and rebuilding, it won't occur after these storms. Um, let me give you, there are a million barriers, and I think we've talked a lot about just some of the the social and psychological barriers. We love the shoreline. It is the identity of this state in a lot of ways. But, um, here's another one. Our system of local taxation is a barrier to policy change because these are expensive properties on the shoreline and they make a lot of money for municipalities. And without anywhere else to go for towns other than the property tax, and with really no ability to regionally plan in this state, so as to make a deal with Milford that if you have more restrictive zoning on your shoreline, um, and you lose all the property tax revenue associated with big, expensive hou- uh homes around those roads, we'll make up for that by giving you a little bit of the revenue that comes from the new factory that gets located inlands, um, a town, uh, up into the state. Without the ability to do that, um towns on the shoreline aren't left with any real incentive structure to do restrictive zoning, because that's where their bread is is buttered, um and their schools don't run unless you have homes there. So we've got to have a statewide conversation, not simply about um, regional land use planning, but around the way in which we tax, because if we do a better job of sharing tax revenues um, then there'll be less pressure on those municipalities to continue to build and rebuild and rebuild along the shoreline. Well, yeah, I was gonna agree with the the Senator here. Uh when you're in working in these small towns uh and and you start realizing that essentially they are, um, you know, over twenty thirty percent of their uh tax base is made up of these, some of these uh large, uh, coastal dwellers. And and also when part of it is that, um, many of these houses aren't in locations that are necessarily in harm's way. They're they're high up, uh a lot of them are, um, you know, part of the the bigger issue becomes uh egress and some of the infrastructure concerns and the cost for, um, maintaining road and and access. Uh so the the prob-, the problems that these face are not so simple. It's not, it's not just, um, the idea of, uh, establishing a method of retreat, uh has major implications on the towns and the coast, not to mention the infrastructure on the coast. It's a it's a much bigger deal than making choices about, um, about immediate retreat. On the other hand, I think there's there is opportunity to think strategically around land planning on these coastal areas. So we've started to look at ways of connecting roads, uh where there's maybe a small um um barrier between road, one road and another; where you could bypass uh um roads along the coast. Uh um Soundview, for example, in Gilford, uh, it's interesting cause it's actually where much of the industry is located. But but, um, but it floods, uh, periodically, and so we're thinking about, uh, how you might be able to bypass some of the roadways, uh, but then you get into the question of where do you locate um in your industrial corridors. And if not there, the people inland are nec- are not necessarily interested in that, having that industrial corridor in their backyard. So you get into a whole discussion across the town about larger land use, uh, negotiations that are, you know, fairly complex. Uh meanwhile, if we remove these large homeowners or create a situation where their property value goes down, that then you lose funding that's going into the schools, that supporting your children, uh so it's it's all interconnected.
