You can do nothing about him either. Then what exactly is copyright? Nowadays, we talk about whether the content generated by AIGC infringe on copyright? What is copyright indeed? The simplest term is "copyright", which actually refers to the right to copy something. Copyright was originated in the UK. When a book was published, how many copies could be printed? This is actually called copyright. Then why should we need to decide the number of copies? Because people have to share money with the author according to the number of copies. That dividend is called royalty. For example, for every book sold, the author is assumed to get 10 percent of its price. Then this is called royalty. But if you want to share the royalty, you must know exactly how many copies you have printed, right? This is what the earliest copyright was for. There is another thing that is very similar to copyright. It is known as patent. So what is patent for? It is not to protect the inventors of the patents. You may think that the patent is aimed to protect the inventors of the patents, and to reduce competition. It's not like this. The purpose of patents is disclosure, so as to prevent others from reinventing the wheel. If you have invented something, then I don't have to invent it again. I can see your patent document and know how you invented it. But when I use it, I have to get authorization from you. If you are not willing to authorize it to me, I can only use it after your patent period has expired. But during this process, I don't need to research and develop it again. This is the purpose of patents. So, whether it is copyright or patent, its main purpose is in fact for the circulation of content, not for the restraint of content. This must be made clear. Then, what exactly is plagiarism? Actually, as we just mentioned, copying directly is definitely counted as one type. But when it comes to similarity, how alike is alike exactly? This actually is the gray area. Then in terms of tribute, because we often say, why does your work look the same as that one? I pay tribute to him. It's all like this. What is the standard for tribute? This matter is actually rather troublesome. Before we discuss whether AIGC infringes on copyright, let's first set aside AI and center on human perspective. For example, if a person does the same thing, how do we approach that situation? Firstly, for example, someone uses open-source code. He must comply with the open-source agreement. There is nothing to negotiate here. But, if someone learns from open-source code, improves his own ability, and created new applications and systems by himself. If he indicates that he pays tribute to someone, this is actually a sign of humbleness. If one doesn't indicate it, there's no problem either. This is our requirements for human beings. Since it's open source, the code can be seen by people Then I can learn from the code. After reading it, I rewrite it, will this be okay? People are supposed to admire this behavior. They won't think that rewriting after reading someone else's code should be regarded as plagiarism or should not be allowed. Generally, such a problem won't occur. Then secondly, if a person goes to the museum to copy. He went to the museum, sitting in the Louvre, or somewhere else, and seeing beautiful paintings of others. Then, he sit there and copy one. Can this be called infringement? Even if I write my own name on this copied work and sell it, is this infringement? Of course, you can't write the name of original artist on it. For example, I draw a Mona Lisa and say this is painted by Da Vinci, and this is called counterfeiting. So I need to write my own name and say this is the Mona Lisa painted by Mr. Fan. Of course, my painting skill is not so good. Then, I sign my name and date of creation. This painting can be sold for profit. Is this infringement? This actually isn't either. We are relatively tolerant of this way and consider that the person is just actively seeking to learn from masters. Then you may say that Da Vinci has passed away for a long time, but can I copy the drawing of someone who is still alive? Actually, it's admitted too. This actually has no problem. How about recreating based on a certain style? As what I just said, I redraw a picture based on the style of Hayao Miyazaki. Is this considered plagiarism? Or can this style itself be registered as a patent of some form of protection? It cannot either. People may say, your drawing is similar to Hayao Miyazaki's works. Then what can this be considered? You can say that you have paid tribute to Mr. Hayao Miyazaki. He won't regard it as plagiarism either.
