Let me put it first that, what I said before was to help you understand what basic functions it has, and such functions can rescue current systemic risk. The systemic risk mentioned here refers to undiversifiable risk. Because in finance, in our daily financial management and portfolio management, all risks we are able to manage are called diversifiable risks. The rest ones are called systemic risks, which we have no way to deal with in the traditional financial market. Here is an example to illustrate it, such kind of systemic risk, in addition to political and some inevitable natural reasons, why does it exist? The so-called systemic risk is a kind of failure of the entire market. But apart from natural and political reasons, in fact, a major reason is human behaviour. For example, during the Bear raid in 2008, everything resulted from a company called Bear Stern, an asset management company. There were traders manipulating their stock prices. Since the company bet a lot on mortgage backed security which is a kind of asset backed security. It is a kind of financial product that can be well controlled and manipulated. It is not actually a high-risk one. Now when it comes to such structured financial products, many people think they are high-risk products, but in fact, they are not. Its emergence is aimed to reduce risks and improve the credit rate of financial products. So in fact, the reason why the public have an impression of high risks for this kind of financial product, is mainly because of some effective manipulations in the market. And in this example, First of all, this mortgage backed asset, before the financial crisis in 2008, It actually has always maintained a very high credit score, that is, credit rating. Because this kind of financial product is called bankruptcy remote. For example, a company launches a product, while even if the company goes bankrupt, it will not affect the product. Because, as long as the company of its previous collateral doesn't go bankrupt, which means their business conditions are still good, then even if the company goes bankrupt and one issues such bonds, for example, the bond can still be delivered normally, its rating will not be affected. In general, at the beginning, these traders discovered the abnormal situation in the housing market. But, even when the housing market was abnormal, the mortgage or the bond still had a high rating, but most people didn't notice it. But some traders discovered it, and then they wanted to manipulate it. Later, it was proven that their manipulation was successful. But in fact, for the whole process at each stage, its decision making is based on assumption which was manipulated. Actually, this is a kind of distortion of information.
