OK. Apart from that, there is another question: the size of the sun, or the radius of the sun. Can you see it? For the radius of the sun, generally speaking, we don't need many decimal points. 700,000 kilometers. The radius of the sun is 700,000 kilometers, and after calculation, its diameter is 1,400,000 kilometers. This is the size of the sun, right? The third one, the mass of the sun. 2×10^30 kilograms. It's very clear on this picture. There is a mark here. Both M and R have a subscript after them - a circle with a dot. Please note that this subscript is a specialized symbol, only referring to the sun. If you are referring to the mass of other stuff, just refer to it. But don't put this symbol under the mass. It only refers to the mass and radius of the sun and cannot be used elsewhere. It's a specialized symbol. As to the position of the sun, it's, as just mentioned, within a spiral arm 32,600 light years away from the center of the Milky Way. The Milky Way is a spiral galaxy. It's about 26 light years north of the galactic plane. What does it mean? We know that according to the usual rule of up north and down south. If you find the central plane of the Milky Way, 26 light years north above the central plane, the sun is there. Studies have found that the position of the sun in the Milky Way is very ordinary and nothing special. It is neither on the central plane nor at a certain important position. There are so many such celestial bodies in the Milky Way that even the sun is no surprise, right? How many stars are there in the Milky Way? We don't know. No one can count that. If you just want a rough number: it's about one hundred billion, then if you were to ask, how many stars are there in the universe exactly? This is a question that most people can't answer. As a rule, we suppose that each galaxy has one hundred billion stars. And how many galaxies have we discovered now? About tens of billions. As such, it's impossible to describe it with a specific figure. Someone has made an appropriate metaphor. That is, if a grain of sand on the earth corresponds to one million stars in the universe, you just need to see how many grains of sand there are on the earth to calculate how many stars there are in the universe. Motion. Besides moving with other stars in the spiral arm around the center of the Milky Way, the sun also makes a translational motion of about 20 kilometers per second relative to the surrounding stars. OK, let's take a look at a very important solar parameter, called solar constant. First, the solar constant refers to the amount of energy per unit time, per unit area, that is vertically incident on the earth's atmosphere from outside. It is represented by a lowercase f. Similarly, since this lowercase f is a special constant of the sun, it is denoted as f☉. Neglect its magnitude. It doesn't matter. But this figure is extremely, extremely important. I don't know if you have any thoughts after seeing this figure. If it was a long time ago, and you were the first one on earth to obtain this data, what would you do? You will stare at the figure and think to yourself, "Incredible! Now I can write an article to be published in Nature," isn't it? "I discovered something new." Will you be this complacent? In fact, you can obtain a lot from this figure. Have you ever thought about it? Let's take a look again. What is the solar constant? The amount of energy perpendicularly incident on a unit area outside the earth's atmosphere per unit time, Picture this in your mind: visualize a large sphere, taking the center of the sun as the center and the distance from the sun to outer edge of the earth's atmosphere as its radius, alright? Then on this large sphere, if we assume that the radiation of the sun is uniform and isotropic, the energy passing through each unit area on this large sphere per second would be revealed, isn't it?
