First of all, I... Disclaimer first. Yes, I think I've achieved, for example, if it's evaluated by a score, I might have scored 70 points. But I don't know... How many points can a person score? Yes. Those who achieve 80 points must have better ways, so I can just share something about my own learning. Insights and experience. Yes. I've made many mistakes before, from which I learned a lot. Therefore, I'll just share it briefly with you. I may be among the rare successful exceptions, so it's inevitable for me to have survival bias. As I understand it, in a broad sense, management covers many aspects. Team management is a part of management in a broader sense. But indeed, when it comes to team management, we have to mention management at large, because they are related. I think generalized management is first about strategic management. It means, for us as an entire department or a team, which things need to be done at what time, which tasks are not to be done in the short term, and what kind of results should be achieved for those to be done and when? All these need to be determined strategically. More often, we make decisions on matters that we know are very important but not very urgent, so we don't do them first. Thus the strategic decision about what not to do is very important. This is my first idea. And secondly... I've heard a saying, that is, prioritization is only real when it hurts. Yes. Then, secondly, I think, many teams are prone to emphasize their mission, vision, values, and culture, etc., and transform them into many statements to describe the culture of their team. In my opinion, it's good to have these, but if these cultures are not defended with blood and tears and not challenged and discussed through various cases, then disclaiming these slogans is meaningless in itself. They will be empty slogans. Right. Then thirdly, I want to say that the internal management of a team is often not as difficult as the lateral collaboration among teams, and it's even not as complex as the top-down strategies, the transmission of OKRs, or the alignment from top to bottom. or the alignment from top to bottom. So very often when managers think the team can be managed internally, then maybe they ignore the lateral and upward, or strategic management. I think that is also significant, and sometimes it can be even more complicated. Because the people we communicate with are not those who fall outside our sphere of influence. Influence without authority. That's right. Hence it entails more tactics and efforts. Sometimes... Okay. Today I'd like to briefly share the case of internal management of a team. So we are not to talk about the three respects mentioned just now, right? Yes. OK. Let's talk about it later. That's all right. Yes. OK, go ahead. I think when managing the internal team, I myself have made some mistakes, for example... How should I put it? Too strict and unfeeling. The other extreme is too approachable while discussing case by case, or it can be said as too soft etc.. I think what a team manager demonstrates can be regarded as public persona, which should be specific. With this specific public persona, I believe all his performance should be in compliance with a rule system corresponding to that persona. I see. OK. That is, compared to your being soft or harsh, what appears more important is the consistency of your behaviors with your principles. Right. It makes you predictable. Yes. Everyone hopes that their superiors or higher-ups are reasonable and humane rather than shifting unpredictably from one day to the next. So, for most of the time, we need to restrain ourselves and train ourselves so as to become a person like that. And becoming such a person includes two parts. The first one is to form certain rules and continuously optimizing them. The target of optimizing this rule should be that both you and the team feel comfortable and moreover, you can make yourself and the team maximize the comprehensive output capacity under this rule. So that rule needs to be formulated and optimized, including the principle of distinct rewards and punishments in this team, or even the slogans of the mission, vision, and values, which may all belong to this rule. It can range from the minute details of your daily logical reasoning displayed in meetings, to the grander principles guiding your discussions on ambiguous issues or matters that require resolution. They are all involved in this rule.
