The most traditional role of teachers was like this, which is called "the sage on the stage". Now it has turned to "the guide on the side" for students or a facilitator of learning, just like this. Currently, after the outbreak of the epidemic, what has been promoted is something called blended online learning. So to be a teacher is not easy. It entails some knowledge in educational technology. An even more extreme role is called "the mind in the machine", that is, we teachers now should also learn to teach remotely. that is, we teachers now should also learn to teach remotely. As a result, the role of teachers is also changing now. I enclose it with a dotted line. This is a virtual one. So for teachers, they have four roles. In the barbaric era or from the primitive era, the role of education might not be like this. The earliest one was called "teaching by words and deeds". There was not even paper, so teachers had to teach hand in hand, so teachers had to teach hand in hand, and then there occured teaching. Later, it evolved to "teach to learn". "Teach to learn", meaning teaching students to learn. Now, there is also a term known as "empowerment", which means to enhance students's abilities. The imparting of knowledge becomes less important. The improvement of abilities and core qualities are much more important. So, I call it "empowerment". Then, what is education? I think it should be the last one. Education is life, and life is education. From kindergarten to primary and secondary schools, to universities, postgraduate students, doctoral students, and postdoctoral students, in fact, education is a very large part of our life. If this period of life is to prepare for the future, then what is the significance of education? It will be meaningless. So what is education? From such a process, in terms of education, I really appreciated a sentence said by Professor Jin, that is, if the practice of education remains unchanged, it will deteriorate. So education is actually constantly developing, so do teaching methods. Such traditional way of chewing food and feeding it to students is called "filling the baby", just like this. Now we all want to switch to active learning. Amid such a process, the role of the teacher and that of the mother, let's look at the first picture, the mother is here, while in the second one, the mother disappears. Does this mean the mother is no longer needed and has nothing to do? Actually, it's not. She has done many things. Then with such a role of the teacher, the role of teaching, , let's learn what education is and what teaching is. We can further explore where its uniqueness lies. Teaching methods are also changing. This is a very interesting experiment called the Bell Learning Pyramid. That is, with the same teaching materials, students were taught by different learning methods. Twenty-four hours later, the retention rate of students' learning was was checked. As a result, we find that by applying the method of lecturing, reading, audio-visual combination, demonstration, group discussion, then practical exercises, teaching to others, and immediately applying the learned knowledge, let's have a look at the retention rate of learning here, it's five percent. While the highest rate can reach ninety percent. But this is not absolute. Lecturing surely shows many advantages. When we listen to the classes of some excellent teachers or special-grade teachers, they just imparting alone, of course there are some interactions, but this can also make a great effect. According to this, at least we can come up with the teaching methods like the above lecturing, reading, audio-visual combination, and demonstration. The following ones are not active ones, just like this, which is a kind of passive learning. which is a kind of passive learning. For such kind of learning, one can insist twenty minutes at most. If teachers continue lecturing, everyone will fall asleep. Then, for the following one like this, we call it active learning. For active learning, what is the teacher doing? What is the main role of the teacher in education? This is also a question we need to think about.
