Now let's move on to the part of the film, which is quite interesting. What we are discussing is whether movies can influence people of different ages. The Internet, for example, is accessible to everyone. Therefore, at times, some young children may have mastered robust digital skills and started to browse online at a very young age. But in YouTube, there isn't a "YouTube for Kids" channel, or they simply won't choose a channel of this kind by themselves. So, will they see something detrimental to their mental and physical health as a result? I'm sure it will. So, in this case, what actions can parents take to protect their children from harm? This is an interesting topic. We may set up a feature called "screen share" or "screen protect on something." Or, some radical parents will check their child's browsing history. At the end of the day, I suppose it's about the trust between parents and their children, and to what extent a child is rebellious to view content that is forbidden but they are curious about? Therefore, there needs to be a balance set by both the parents and the children. Yep. It's quite interesting to note that when the debate between a parent and a child gets intense, a lot of conflicts arise. But there is a good suggestion. When a child fails to access restricted YouTube videos through normal channels or they cannot do this due to their parents' constraint, the parent might say, "You wanna see the restricted video? Dream on!" And the child will be like: "Alright." And then the child has no choice but to go to sleep, hoping that there is everything in dream. And they can build a world with their creativity and imagination. OK, next page. It's the same as above. Why is it constantly promoted that children should be prohibited from watching videos? It's not only restricted videos that are included. Restricted videos may affect children's health and wellbeing. Additionally, watching films or videos, especially some toxic videos, can trigger a unique desire among humans. When the brain receives stimulation, it tends to be exited, even hyper. Then people at night will find it hard to fall asleep when they are supposed to. That's why I believe videos can be rather toxic not only to juniors or children; ome R-rated videos, like the violent, bloody, and erotic ones, also have significant negative effects on adults. This will lead to this phenomenon: At night, I become an owl. Nothing can make me asleep. But during the day, it will be like: Don't wake me up, or I'll bite anyone who does. Therefore, I think screening YouTube videos is an conducive practice not only for young children, but for everyone's benefit.
