So in fact, this kind of background senses that make you ignore this sense, is the so-called prime sensibility. Further physical senses like pleasure and pain, and even further, senses related to touch and vision, are actually all originated from the prime sensibility. And this prime sensibility is first formed simultaneously with the representation of the internal state of a body, something like a concomitant by-product. So, our senses, as well as the higher-order feelings, including our feelings towards artworks, actually have a deep-rooted physiological origin. It is actually a kind of sense towards the internal state of the body. There is a characteristic of this sense. Of course, it's very simple. It's yours. It's the feeling of your body. So it can only be obtained by you, right? It is private and cannot be obtained by a third person. I can only obtain my feelings. This can be rather a headache when we discuss the concept of qualia. Of course, I think it's actually really up to interpretation, especially for the private feelings for appreciation of artworks. Anyway, let me make a simple summary about this concept by Damasio. First of all, the body is accompanied by the formation of the mind and the self at various stages. So the body plays a fundamental role. In this sense, the body itself carries a kind of original meaning. It has its own purpose and intention, right? First of all, it has to survive and maintain your homeostasis. Only then can it have an impact on the higher-order psychological and conscious levels. And, I remember Teacher Zang mentioned the concept of shift of scenes as one moves along. In fact, this kind of perspective is given to us by the primordial body, because in fact, the body simultaneously forms a representation of our senses. Therefore, we won't mistakenly think that we are, say, listening with our eyes, looking with our ears, or tasting with our skin, etc. It sounds absurd, but actually... Why not, right? This is fundamentally because while the brain is processing the sensory information of ours, it also processes the sensory activity itself. So when these two processings are combined together, we can tell that what we see is what we see with our eyes. This is fundamentally one of the sources of perspectives. So body constitutes our perspectival nature. However, it is often overlooked. So the body often becomes a silent object. It seems very unimportant, right? Secondly, the body representation has a tension. On the one hand, it has to maintain internal stability, and on the other hand, it has to receive a large amount of changing external information. So, closure and openness are the two tendencies of the bodily gaze, or the two tendencies of expression of the primordial bodily significance. It is within this tension. Finally, what Damasio said is that if we are to value the body, it won't be like the feeling that our intuition brings to us, saying like, we are not animals, right? Instead, the valuation of the body is actually a higher-level understanding of human nature and our human value. Okay, that's all for my part. OK, thank you, Mr. Lu Wen. I have a question. In the past, I remember there was a statement, which said as human beings have evolved gradually from this, there are the primitive brain, the emotional brain and the rational brain. Then do these three correspond to the original self, the core self and the autobiographical self that Damasio has defined? Do they have a correspondence relationship? Yes. Actually there is such a correspondence in function. The regulation of the body's homeostasis by the brainstem is actually the work of the primitive brain, which is completely out of our control. For example, our intestinal peristalsis or temperature regulation. We have no consciousness about those. Yeah. What you just said is quite interesting. It immediately reminded me of photography. For example, when there is nothing wrong with your body, it's usually in the background, instead of in the foreground. It won't attract attention because human eyes, ears, including the sense of touch of the skin, it is completely unified in the human brain. Only when something goes wrong with a particular organ, it reveals itself. For example, I saw something but didn't hear it, right? Or I heard it but didn't see it, or I saw a virtual space, but when I touched it, there was nothing, right? Only at this time will this kind of so-called unified illusion break. Yes. And then, when you are healthy, you won't notice your breathing and heartbeats. But when you feel flustered, you will notice this. It pops out of the background and just appears, and then you will notice your own flustered feeling, heartbeats, etc. It reminds me of a very interesting thing: photography. In terms of photography, in the previous seminars, we talked about Stephen Shore, who proposed a very important concept, called structural transparency. It makes the visual structure of a photo inconspicuous. Then if we consider the photo as a kind of body, the photo with structural transparency is precisely a healthy body. Because when this form reaches the highest level, it automatically hides itself; it becomes transparent, and you can't see it. Instead, your attention is all on the things presented in the photo, rather than the form or structure itself. It is the immature or simple stuff not of the highest level of form that makes you linger on the visual structure, on the form itself, and makes you think this stuff very cool and all. But like what Mr. Lu just talked about, this is precisely when the photo, as a body, is sick, so the structure is not transparent. Yes. What you just said reminds me of something really interesting. If we expand the concept of the body to the structure of images and videos, there is also the background and the foreground.
